#Purpose of Project: Create a Helpdesk Ticket System

#Components: Login page
            Dashboard page
            Ticket page
            Reporting page
            Help/FAQ page
            Admin page
            Ticket Creating page
            Profile page
            Database

#Login Page - Design has been finalized. Need to add functionality for Email/ Password verification. 
            Need to create a registration form for New Users. Need to be able to store new user info after registration.


#Dashboard Page - Design has been finalized. Need to display ticket info in the cards section (Number of Open, Overdue, Unassigned, and Watched tickets).
            Display a quick view of tickets in System on ticket table. Display number of tickets by Priority that are currently in system.


#Ticket Page - Display all tickets in system that are not "Closed." Need to be able to sort table from Table Header. Need to be able to select and change certain fields(Status, 
            Priority, Assigned To). Need to be able to filter through tickets. Has a table with static data for reference.


#Reporting Page - Needs to be added. Create list of different reports to view and export from tickets in system(Need to be links to show graphs of the select report).
            Display info from reports on graphs. Be able to filter reports. Ability to create new reports. Report download in CSV format.


#Help/FAQ Page -  Will have articles for all documentation.


#Admin Page - Will have all settings. Account settings, User Management settings, Channels settings, Service Management settings, Automation and Productivity settings.


#Ticket Creating Page - Design may be changed later. Need to be able to submit and store new tickets after being entered in system.


#Profile Page - Design has been finalized. Have a upload a profile picture button. Update/ Edit button for Profile info.


#Database - Used to store user and ticket information that has been entered in system.


Priority List:
#1. Finish creating and designing remaining pages.
    -Reporting 
    -Help/FAQ
    -Admin